So, that's enough on class components.
We shall never speak of it again.
Let's go actually use it though.
Let's go to pass order route.
We're going to import our error boundary at the top.
Import error boundary from error boundary and we're going to, one interesting thing
about error boundaries, because of the way that the errors work, you can't put the error
boundary here.
So, I can't just say like error boundary here.
Why?
Because if this component has an error, the whole component blows up, right?
So, I need to put it in a function component above it, right, so that I can catch things
inside of it.
Does that make sense?
It's like you have to put things inside of the try for the catch to work.
That's essentially what I'm saying.
So, let me show you what I mean and then you can give me those perpex glances again.
So, I'm going to put a, let's just do it above.
I think I have it above.
So, it's a little bit more clear.
So, I'm going to write another function here called error boundary wrapped past order routes.
And you're just going to say return error boundary and then inside of that past order
route and then error boundary is going to be the thing that we actually export.
So, the error boundary can only catch things that are being rendered inside of it.
And so, if it's on the same level of this, so if it was actually inside of past order,
it wouldn't get the opportunity to catch the error.
So, it has to be outside of it.
Which is why we have to have two components here and then we're actually shipping the
error boundary one.
Now, some of you might say, but Brian, what if there's being props passed into this?
In this case, we're not passing any props into it, but what if we were, right?
So, all you have to do here is we take in props here at this level and then there's
this something here called the spread operator that works.
And we're going to say whatever props we got here, just pass them on through.
Now, why didn't I teach you this earlier?
You're probably thinking, spread operator looks pretty cool.
Why don't we use that a lot of places?
And I intentionally do that because I don't want you to use it that frequently, right?
It is nice that it's just saying like, hey, here's a grab bag of things, kind of spread
them out.
So, imagine this props, for example, was something like, I don't even comment this, it could
be like, stuff, cool, other stuff, not cool, right?
You could come in here and actually just do stuff equals props dot stuff and other stuff
equals props dot other stuff, right?
And you could go be more explicit about that, that's totally fine as well, but you might
be like, it looks nicer to do just the spread operator.
This makes it so opaque to read though, so this, for things that you're actually passing
stuff into explicitly, I want to see this because it makes me know this is the API that
I'm adhering to, these are like where the data from is coming from and where it's going.
Again, the explicitness of React is one of its superpowers.
And so by hiding it behind dot dot dot props like this, you make it pretty opaque of like,
what is coming from where and where is it going?
The only reason in this particular case that I am okay with the spread operator is that
this particular component is meant to be a pass through, it's actually not meant to know
about what's coming into it and where it's going, right?
It's literally just meant to be going for like connecting two pipes together.
And so this actually makes this less clear, right?
And this is clear, this is a clear communication to the future developer, the reading this,
which is likely yourself, right?
That this isn't supposed to know where it's coming through it, right?
It's just supposed to be the pass through.
Do you know why AirBoundaries were left out of the new React or why they still require
the classical component?
It's a good question.
My reading on the situation, which is Brian reading between the lines, is they didn't
really have a elegant way to handle it that was better than doing it in the class component
way.
Because it doesn't have a get derived state from, it doesn't have all the things that
a class will have.
And so because of that, they decided like, well, we're going to leave in class components.
They didn't have any intent to deprecate class components anyway.
They left it that because, yeah, they would have made the library worse by trying to force
it into this other pattern.
And because they published that like React AirBoundary component, everyone can just use
that.
And can I just put an AirBoundary in my route?
Sure can.
People do it.
And just have one AirBoundary handle everything?
Yeah, you could definitely, I would put it here probably at root.
Yeah, I would put it here and you could just do like AirBoundary right there, catch everything.
If that was appropriate for you, yeah, hell yeah, absolutely.
So let's actually like, make it work because, or like, try it.
There you go.
OMG, LOL, WTF.
Is that our AirBoundary?
There you go.
So uh-oh, there was an error with this page.
Click here to go back to the home page, right?
So what you saw before, before my page had reloaded, was Vite catching my AirBoundary.
But here, this actually makes sense, right?
This actually is like a nice error page.
There was an error, click here to go back to the home page and you caught everything
and now it's like, it's caught in the flow of the app and everything looks like it works
okay.
Yeah, one of the advantages of putting this around the app is I think it would catch 404s,
which would be nice, right?